what sucks how my divalicious divas and
dudes so this is a week review in its
new from model model on the diva Tris
calm on website they said its new on
their site so I'm probably been out but
you know it's new on their website so I
had to give whenever I see them
something new on a hair site I want to
get it to try it out but this is from
model model Modell Modell
hi everyone for now it said equal brand
full cap on quick style of minutes and
this is actual full cap clone in the
front comb in the back double secure
adjustable strap curling on a safe up to
400° recommend you go to the lowest
agree it comes in a different variety of
color and it is water lily I got a 1b 30
in this one so this is the models
picture it's on their website for 2195
so you can't beat that
diva Truscott firm and k with the care
card instruction along with their card
new diva 10 for any new divas it does
have this thing in the front
swoop bag but this yeah this is her
fresh out of the packs I'll add note 8
the length of its just a little
turnaround for you guys side back by
those inspired pearls okay so that's her
fresh out of the pack now I'm gonna go
ahead and play around with her can brush
her she's gonna be one that you probably
gonna have to work with oh just a little
bit I would definitely put her on on the
week head the night before she does have
a plastic top right there and that's
your little thing I love the highlights
are very pretty in defining so that's
nice so these are my little inspired
curl they're so pretty big and gorgeous
yes okay so remember check out my blog
spot link will be below where you can
check me out and see how this week has
been holding up along with any of my
other weeks that you might have been
inquiring about see how is it home
may I have another way to review coming
up soon and I guess they'll be coming up
next week sometime next week maybe in
Monday and next video you'll see is
either outfit of the day or a lip
tutorial video y'all make sure you keep
on watching commenting rating
subscribing greatly appreciate it you
know that you're at your best when
you're being you because can't nobody be
you except you this is fashion diva TV
with water lily
you